hey guys today i'm bringing you my most
anticipated releases of summer 2015
thankfully there's only like three books
i'm going to be talking about today
because i have so many books that i need
to read this summer and i'm so thankful
that there's only like a few titles that
I'm really interested in coming out this
summer that way I can get caught up on
all those other books that came out this
year that it didn't get the chance to
read yet so without further ado I'm
gonna jump in and show you guys the
books and I'm most excited for the first
book on my list is actually already out
there in the world and that is more
happy than not by Adam silveira I've
just been hearing so many great things
about this book but here's the thing I
don't know too much about it I've been
avoiding the description because I've
heard that people are getting spoiled
for this bullet because of the
description and I don't want to be
spoiled I ain't about that but I also
just kind of want to dive into this book
and just read it for what it is not
knowing too much about the plot but
there is a very vague description right
here that I'm gonna read it says Adams
Sylvia's extraordinary debut confronts
race class and sexuality during one
charge near future summer in the Bronx
that has me intrigued also it's been
getting so many rave reviews from some
of my favorite authors we've got John
Cory Whaley that's blurb date we've got
Jasmine warga that's blurbed it and also
Victoria Schwab just recently read this
book and she loved it which has me
excited because I love her I love her
books and I trust her recommendations so
I'm really looking forward to reading
this one the next book on my list comes
out July twentieth and that is Hollywood
witch hunter by Valerie to jada the
title of this book is pretty
self-explanatory but we follow this
witch hunter who lives in Hollywood and
she teams up with this other guy to
prevent an evil uprising that's
happening in Southern California this
just sounds like it's gonna be a very
action-packed book and it's also just
gonna be a fun read so I'm really
looking forward to reading this book and
the last book on my list comes out
August fourth and I actually have an arc
of this book and that is never always
sometimes by Eddie all set I read his
debut book last year let's get lost my
head kind of mixed feelings about it I
definitely wanted to give him another
chance and I'm really looking forward to
reading this book in this story we
follow two best friends who have created
a list of cliches they say they will
never do and then one day they get bored
and they're like you know what let's
complete that list that we said we would
never complete this just sounds like
it's going to be a fun and light read
perfect for summertime so those are my
most anticipated books of summer 2015
you guys should let me know down below
some of the
that you're most anticipating this
summer or some books that you just want
to pick up the summer and read thanks
for watching guys and I will see you
soon with a new video later